Repeater Implementation [14951] (#249)
eProsima/DDS-Router: docs/rst/user_manual/user_manual_glossary.rst

        Global Unique Identifier shared by a Participant and all its sub-entities.
        Identifies uniquely a DDS Participant.

    Initial Peers

>         It is a Fast DDS Discovery Protocol that enables a Discovery mechanism based on a
>         sending the discovery information directly to the participants configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        It is a Fast DDS Discovery Protocol that allows to send the discovery information directly to the participants configured.
```
